---
layout: post
---

# Home, a little taste of the place I come from

As a kiddo, this was my perception on the world and the place I knew as home

Like so many other homes mine is under a big grey-like blue sky sometimes clouded, and cement walks surround most of its streets. It’s also got churches on corners and man’s self-crafted lakes made smelly by ducks. Unlike so many homes though there’s a street, Temple Ct. As a kid I would analyze this street name and it seemed to me to mix the Mormon religion and a room of law where big things are decided. This is where I told friends to turn left and find the last house on the left at the end of the street. As a kid I also noticed there are sprinkler timers that are set for 7pm most days of summer but shift to be about three hours earlier in the winter. A sequence of buildings to pass on a grimey eyed trek to school, Walgreen’s on the left, later down is Sonic on the left, then the Fire Department, again on the left, then the Island’s neighborhood on my right, a neighborhood that goes on for what seems like forever. I wish I could make it sound more artsy, more indy in a hysterical way. By this I mean I wish I could describe a goofily unique and cozy little coffee shop where maybe I fell in love or a park I went and found myself in, but most of it is stale and generic: ‘Walgreens.’ But most times I passed a ‘Bold Roost’ coffee house and that’s all. I have good and bad memories of home but maybe for once I don’t wanna talk about those things, I want to stay even and plain this time, detach me. I think the prompt of this writing is fitting in the sense that it tells us not to be too sentimental, even though I failed when I happened to start my second and third lines with “as a kid…’ maybe its not possible to separate from things that our hearts love and our skin sinks into. Walgreens, Sonic, Fire Department, Island’s. I notice plain details like white dotted lines on the road and stop lights at each intersection, but how come home feels like this. Is it the timing of things that I find elevating or is it the scent of my mom’s car that gets me so passionate. On the most basic level, our garage is a messy one and it is undoubtedly ugly, the kind of thing people tell us not to be: messy and ugly, mugly. Christmas boxes next to flat tire bike, bins unlabeled and I can’t find that old thing. The thing is I find myself wanting to describe home as this cute lovely thing that I think everyone else should love too, but truly it’s got streets and buildings and houses all over probably like many homes. I cuddle it though and its sequences are my comfort, I like it all to be a little mugly.



